What recent news story has affected you the most? In what ways has it affected you? Use specific reasons and examples to support your answer.

The most affected news story I read recently is that the New England Patiots made the greatest comeback in history and won the Super Bowl in the end. I read the news of this story on Internet, and I was shocked deeply by the spirit of the football team. I had learned two lessions from this story, they are trust in yourself and your teamates, and never give up untill the very end.

First of all, everyone has drawbacks, work as a group can make us stronger, we must believe in ourselves and our teamates or cowokers. Nobody is perfect on this world, so we make mistakes. We work as a group in order to reach more far than work alone. For example, during the Super bowl game last year, even the Patriots lost the former three quarters, but they still trust in each other. The offense group still believe the deffense group and they encourge each other all the time, as a result, they made the greatest comeback bit by bit. In another word, be confident and trust in your partners can lead you to win.

Second, never give up. When we studying and working, sometimes there will be lots of obstacles and sometimes it will be a extreme long journey. If we want to achieve our goal, we should never give up. As the Patriots in the Super Bowl last year, even they were losing the score, and even there was very limited time, they past through it. They were not beaten by the huge gap in score and they were still making effort. No one gave up hope, no one said they would lose. They insisted and won the Super Bowl in their own way. Thus, no matter what kind of obstacles we met and no matter how big the problems are, we should keep going and never give up. 

To sum up, the Patriots' story taught me two fundamental lessons of how to be succeed. According to reasons, we should never give up hope and believe in ourselves and partners in our goal chasing way.




